Second round of style conventions edits for: "How to Deploy a Rollup chain using the Orbit SDK" (#1163)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/how-tos/orbit-sdk-deploying-anytrust-chain.md

sme: GreatSoshiant
target_audience: 'Developers deploying and maintaining Orbit chains.'
sidebar_position: 2

> user_story: As a current or prospective Orbit chain deployer, I need to understand how to deploy an Orbit Rollup chain the Orbit SDK by understanding the available onboarding paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user_story: As a current or prospective Orbit chain deployer, I need to understand how to deploy an Orbit Rollup chain using the Orbit SDK.
```
maybe this is the intended copy?
